LFRic docker update (#3)
eth-cscs/ContainerHackathon: LFRIC/docker/README.md

#
RUN apt-get update \
 && apt-get install -y build-essential gcc g++ gfortran make libtool python \
 python-pip python-setuptools subversion cmake git m4 zlib1g-dev curl libcurl4 \
 libcurl4-openssl-dev automake libtool-bin pkg-config doxygen \
 libtypes-uri-perl liburi-perl \
 wget --no-install-recommends
#
WORKDIR /usr/local/src
#
ENV HOME /usr/local/src
#
# Copy installation script inside the container
# LFRic install script without the XIOS
COPY install_lfric_env.sh .
# Install script for XIOS
# Copy XIOS make config files script
COPY install_xios_env.sh .
#
# Build lfric environment without XIOS
RUN chmod 755 install_lfric_env.sh install_xios_env.sh \
 && ./install_lfric_env.sh \
 && ./install_xios_env.sh
```
The scripts that build the libraries are provided in the repository: 
- [install_lfric_env.sh](https://github.com/eth-cscs/ContainerHackathon/blob/master/LFRIC/docker/install_lfric_env.sh) sets up the environment and builds the dependencies of `LFRic` without the `XIOS`;
- [install_xios_env.sh](https://github.com/eth-cscs/ContainerHackathon/blob/master/LFRIC/docker/install_xios_env.sh) creates architecture files needed to build `XIOS` and builds `XIOS`.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have save the template Dockerfile above as `lfric-gnu.docker` and we built it with the command below:
```
docker build --network=host --add-host $HOSTNAME:127.0.0.1 -f lfric-gnu.docker -t lfric:gnu .
```
```

## Library versions and settings

> * All libraries were built dynamically (the `install_lfric_env.sh` script contains commented out instructions for a static build if required).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All libraries were dynamically linked to make sure that the `LFric` container will use the optimized libraries of the host: the `install_lfric_env.sh` script contains commented out instructions for a static build if required.
```

> * All libraries were built dynamically (the `install_lfric_env.sh` script contains commented out instructions for a static build if required).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All libraries were dynamically linked to make sure that the `LFRic` container will use the optimized libraries of the host system: the `install_lfric_env.sh` script contains commented out instructions for a static build if required.
```

  Python 3 and newest `PSyclone` is in progress). Not every `PSyclone` release will work with every `LFRic` trunk revision. The `LFRic` - `PSyclone` compatibility
  table is give in this [`LFRic` wiki (requires login)](https://code.metoffice.gov.uk/trac/lfric/wiki/LFRicTechnical/VersionsCompatibility).

## Tips & tricks

* [Sarus](https://user.cscs.ch/tools/containers/sarus) on Piz Daint had issues with locating `MPICH`. Hence, the lines in the first
  Dockerfile above
  ```
  # Adds config file for MPICH for Sarus on Piz Daint
  RUN echo "/usr/local/src/gnu_env/usr/lib" > /etc/ld.so.conf.d/mpich.conf \
   && ldconfig
  ```
  were aded to help locate MPICH libraries (see e.g. [this link])(https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/425251/using-ldconfig-and-ld-so-conf-versus-ld-library-path). 
  Note, this would normally be achieved by building Docker container with the option
  `--add-hostname $HOSTNAME:127.0.0.1` to `docker build` command. Alternatively it could be done by modifying the `/etc/hosts` file
  in the Docker container as described [here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/23112515/mpich2-gethostbyname-failed/23118973)

>   and the committing the change. However, neither of these solutions worked here.

Reviewer: I would rephrase the paragraph as follows: 
* The container tool [Sarus](https://user.cscs.ch/tools/containers/sarus) supported on Piz Daint can add the proper hook to the host MPI library if the command `ldconfig` has been run to configure dynamic linker run-time bindings . Since we have installed the `MPICH` library in a non-default location, the command `ldconfig` would not be able to find the library in the custom path within the container. Therefore,  before running `ldconfig` we added the path of MPICH  to `/etc/ld.so.conf.d/mpich.conf` as in the example below:
 ```
  # Adds config file for MPICH for Sarus on Piz Daint
  RUN echo "/usr/local/src/gnu_env/usr/lib" > /etc/ld.so.conf.d/mpich.conf \
   && ldconfig
  ```
Please have a look [here](https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/425251/using-ldconfig-and-ld-so-conf-versus-ld-library-path) for more information. 
 
*  Some libraries (e.g. `YAXT`) perform a test run of a minimal MPI code during the configure step of the installation procedure: the test might fail within the Docker container if the local hostname cannot be resolved correctly. In order to do that, the local hostname should be available in the file `/etc/hosts`, which can be achieved adding the option `--add-hostname $HOSTNAME:127.0.0.1`  to `docker build` command. 
If this solution does not work, one needs to edit the `/etc/hosts` file of the Docker container directly using `docker run` and commit the change with `docker commit`, since editing the `/etc/hosts' file is not possible within the Dockerfile.
For more details, please check [this link](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/23112515/mpich2-gethostbyname-failed/23118973).
